<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ynm_jjd_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 2: The First Test</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_iw2_23s_ddc">
            <title>The Girl <ph audience="adult">Despairs</ph><ph audience="children">Loses
                    Hope</ph></title>
            <p>The girl sat on a small stool in the middle of the room, looking at the straw all
                around her. She knew that she could never spin any of that straw into gold. Not in
                one night, or her entire lifetime. She began to <ph audience="adult">weep</ph>
                <ph audience="children">cry</ph>, certain that she and her father would be <ph
                    audience="adult">executed</ph>
                <ph audience="children">punished</ph> that morning.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ipn_xms_ddc">
            <title><b>Rumpelstiltskin Appears</b>
            </title>
            <p>While the girl was crying, she heard a quiet chuckle in the room with her. She looked
                up to see a little man atop the straw. He was no taller than a child, with a <ph
                    audience="adult">sly</ph>
                <ph audience="children">mischievous</ph> grin and bright eyes. He understood the
                girl’s <ph audience="adult">plight</ph><ph audience="children">problem</ph> and
                offered his help for a price. If the girl would give him her bracelet of beads, then
                he would spin the straw into gold for her.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_jpt_gns_ddc">
            <title>Straw Into Gold</title>
            <p>The miller’s daughter did not trust this strange little man, but she had no other
                options. She agreed to the exchange, and gave him her beads. He immediately began to
                spin the straw. Spool after spool came off the wheel, heavy with golden threads.
                When the king opened the door in the morning, the little man was gone and the room
                was full of gold.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
